# Polygon Proposals Management Repository 

This repository is used for the management for various initiatives affecting the different Polygon's products. The main use of this repository is for the Builders meetings, but it is also used for other meetings/ discussions related to Polygon's products.

The Google Calendar linked [here]() tracks upcoming protocol meetings.

## Polygon Builders Meetings

### Purpose

The Polygon Builders meeting is a technical call intended to bring together various core Polygon Developers who play major roles in determining the direction of the protocol. Polygon's Governance, Validator support, PoS and Research teams provide updates on their projects, discuss various [PIPs](https://github.com/hrook1/Polygon-Improvement-Proposals) to improve the protocol, and support each other as we **build** Web 3.0.

### Agendas

The agendas for the calls are tracked in the Agenda folder of this repository, ([link](https://github.com/hrook1/Polygon-Improvement-Proposals/tree/main/Project%20Management/Agenda)). To add an item to an agenda, please [send a PR to the Agenda folder in this repo](https://github.com/hrook1/Polygon-Improvement-Proposals/issues/new) which mentions the topic you want to discuss and links any relevant materials (PIPs, prototypes, etc.). 

Anyone is welcome to add an item to the agenda as long as it follows these guidelines:

- The topic is technical in nature.
- The topic involves the Polygon protocol at a low-level. This means Dapps and ERCs are generally not allowed as topics.
- The topic should not be philosophical. The core developer meetings are not meant to decide philosophical contentious issues that should be decided by the community. There are exceptions to this, but generally these topics distract from more productive technical discussion.

### Who Can Attend

Protocol developers, client developers, network Validators and core Polygon researchers are invited to attend the meetings. Sometimes a non-core developer with particular expertise on a topic is invited on to discuss a specific agenda item. If you feel you would contribute to the meetings by your attendance please reach out to [Jackson Lewis](mailto:jackson@polygon.technology).

### Who Manages the Meetings

The meetings are facilitated by Jackson Lewis. The meetings are recorded and transcribed. The transcripts, meeting minutes and video will be uploaded after the completion of the meetings in this public repository. 

The meetings are independent of any organization. However, participants in the meetings may also be Polygon Employes (Not sure about that, but I believe we need some sort of disclaimer).

### Previous Meetings

| â„–   | Date                                 | Agenda                                              | Notes                                                                                                                                                                    | Recording                                                                          |
| --- | ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1 | November 10, 2022, 14:00 UTC         | [agenda](https://github.com/hrook1/Polygon-Improvement-Proposals/tree/main/Project%20Management/Agenda) | [notes]() | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuYIL7uJomQ)|_

